README.md, before:

# MercuriusInc

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.0.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Added publish button and drag and drop

README.md, after:

# MercuriusInc App

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.0.4

![image(1)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/103445855/208192234-3d4e8c51-73cc-4f80-aecc-92625af10951.png)


Tasks are to build:
 - The Publish button on the top right corner should allow the User to export the schedule to an excel sheet (csv file).
 - The cards in each row can be dragged and dropped to another row.

## Depenencies
This project will be dependent on:
- First download [Node JS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)  with your device compiatable version and then these following packages

- npm package
`npm install -g npm`

- angular
`npm install -g @angular/cli`

After installing these above dependencies open the terminal in the corosponding directory and type:
 - `npm install`

This will automatically install all the project required npm based packages/dependencies for the this project on development

## Development server

git clone project

Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).
